okay.
How to deal with extra wide column wits when we use titles.
Rare worksheets.
In the last lecture,
we covered how to resize cells,
and we can either do manually using the right click and column width.
Hoboken highlights all of the rows across the top,
so all of the columns across the top head until we'll click between any of the column
lettuce to automatically resize.
And that works perfectly well unless you have a very long total like we have just appeared
and sell a one and then Excel has a built in function,
which is quickly visible in the home ribbon on that is,
merge and center on what merge incented us is.
When you highlight a group of cells,
it will automatically turn those cells from a bunch of individual cells into one,
merge,
sell and then sent to whatever Texas within the first cell.
That's an important point,
because when you merge in center,
only the data in the first cell that is the top left cell of the range you highlight is
kept.
Everything else is miss completely.
So if I just give you a quick demonstration if we select cell a one left,
click and drag over to be won without left.
Massport's I know we've highlighted a one and B one and hit Merge in center.
You can see that now.
There is no Selby one.
It has all become cell a one.
So those two cells have been merged.
We can also see that the text has been centered.
Personally,
I prefer my titles aligned to the left.
So I'm just gonna hit the left alignment button,
which we covered in early.
A lecture.
And no,
if we choose to resize automatically by clicking between columns,
am be we can see that column A has never been shrunk down automatically to match the width
of item.
But we now have a different problem because my fruit and veg shop was only sent it across
sells a one and B one.
We actually can't see the full title,
and that's easy to remedy or we need to do Is left click out new merge sell drank over a
few cells.
So now we're highlighting a one through e one hit Emergence Center again,
which initially will undo the merge in center and then click it one more time to merge in
center again.
So no cell a one b one c one d one an e one have all been merged into one cell,
and now we can fully see our title.
We can automatically adjust our column widths by highlighting all the data in double
clicking.
No,
my worksheets,
Stansell,
look much better now.
We may decide to have these all the same width for now.
So let's just highlights all the cells choose format with.
I think we said in 11 they go and let me just left.
Click that and left the lying suffer.
Got to do that.
And there you go.
No table startle a good on there Were ready to start entering some data.
So you in the next lecture.